It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States”    Proclamation:  http:// 45.wh.gov/Aluminum    Remarks:  http:// 45.wh.gov/SteelAluminumR   … pic.twitter.com/SpUFEI8VON
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy  #USSGeraldRFord
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit  50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Great interview on @foxandfriends  with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse  via #Periscope   https://www. pscp.tv/w/1BRKjLEnPDdJw  
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything & they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, & no more testing!
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: http:// 45.wh.gov/5HJcB8  
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't & military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty & illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey  #PrayForTexas http:// 45.wh.gov/PrayForTexas  
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: http:// 45.wh.gov/22R5jN  
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime & border!
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big & happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime & border. Loves 2nd A & VETS
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
FAKE NEWS is DESTROYING OUR YOUTH!  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?v=vvmBUV jDaMM   …
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews . So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse  now. pic.twitter.com/gnkHSWq2Tc
What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! pic.twitter.com/CiHfygpU4x
.@WhiteHouse  Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney... http:// pscp.tv/w/1ynJOoapEXqJR  
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:  http:// 45.wh.gov/TaxCuts   pic.twitter.com/x7gx0JTTZp
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS  Melania and I will never forget it!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.
WITCH HUNT!
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! pic.twitter.com/gWTVSEKVUW
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'   http:// 45.wh.gov/Florida     http:// 45.wh.gov/PuertoRico     http:// 45.wh.gov/USVirginIslands  
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.  http:// justice.gov/opa/pr/departm   …
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! pic.twitter.com/3IXs0ZDUuH
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, “to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved.” Get...
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse  yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  http:// instagram.com/p/Bc-U59UAVws/   pic.twitter.com/9uJISnbgM2
Bad ratings @CNN  & @MSNBC  got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more & more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border & so much else!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Paul Glace and the Green Board are a danger and must be stopped!
Our great team at @FEMA  is prepared for #HurricaneNate . Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities & be safe!
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes (apologized) & @WaPo  were anti-Trump. Collusion?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey . Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime & border - will never let you down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes  said about @foxandfriends  "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
.@VP  Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
The #G20Summit  was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine  on @FoxNews  at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security & the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse . Bahrain and the United States are important partners.  During the Crown Prince’s visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s...
Thank you to @foxandfriends  for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017
AMERICA FIRST!
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...” http:// bit.ly/2AijXKg  
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure.  http:// 45.wh.gov/UDL9yE@realDon aldTrump   …
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... pic.twitter.com/jogrN6Wall
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow.
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/Xm3rHeywc4
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico & Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
Departing @JBA_NAFW  for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.  A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!  http:// instagram.com/p/BcFs_kXgTG5/  
Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V.A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica  event, right here at the @WhiteHouse ! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, & OUR FREEDOM!
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/8Xqv7UwL69
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake  News! MAGA
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse . pic.twitter.com/vz7SeLnnAN
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people.
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!   http:// 45.wh.gov/Sp9y4H  
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive!
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands & Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA !
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18 . Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black & Hispanic unemployment in history).
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA    http:// facebook.com/DonaldTrump/vi   …
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. http:// 45.wh.gov/BNJys9  
The has great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo .
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/TzjjLSZF0I
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo .
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... pic.twitter.com/kdiDNlv7an
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse  today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military & Veterans!
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS  Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House.
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse , Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: http:// 45.wh.gov/JointPressConf  
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
WEEKLY ADDRESS pic.twitter.com/yepfLB5uaG
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!  MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida! pic.twitter.com/LromzqsEG6
So true, thank you! pic.twitter.com/f0AY5jHHmW
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts pic.twitter.com/NHCqij1jD2
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey  to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService  for a job well done!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world.
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce !
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V.
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM  Harrisburg, Pennsylvania  #FlashbackFriday  #MS13
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends .
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends . The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance.
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES & that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! pic.twitter.com/EIQYPnrFzP
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike: “REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” pic.twitter.com/nOWf1Jvh14
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic & Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! pic.twitter.com/g2CxTM6WUp
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/RSWTSMhbNp
"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"  http:// 45.wh.gov/ConsumerConfid   … pic.twitter.com/nKsO8QVypt
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!  http:// 45.wh.gov/73Tx7G  
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles...” via @jamiejmcintyre pic.twitter.com/i3HgxdxdiI
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start “falling in love” with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! pic.twitter.com/zsf5ncVTwC
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.  Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM pic.twitter.com/6ZsXl6erdU
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM  Outlook Survey” http://www. shopfloor.org/2017/12/manufa cturing-optimism-rose-another-time-high-latest-nam-survey/   …
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then & now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts & more?
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes  is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! http://www. breitbart.com/big-government /2018/01/13/raminmichigan/   …
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF ! #Davos2018 pic.twitter.com/ye5kT54CMK
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today.
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
Leaving now for Texas!
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning pic.twitter.com/67CmVnGxTw
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
.@MarshaBlackburn  is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC  News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse ! pic.twitter.com/Ui19r372jl
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.” Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!  Full Listening Session:  http:// youtube.com/watch?v=vKblXA   …
# AMERICA  FIRST!
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House”  pic.twitter.com/MOvTQyRpR2
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG , at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today! #HappyThanksgiving
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
Folks, Websites like  http:// StopLookThink.com    all FILLED with PROPAGANDA and need to be removed from the WORLD WIDE WEB! I’m working with my team now. EDUCATION IS FAILING OUR YOUTH!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman!
ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN  and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA !
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...”
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Kanye, very cool! https:// twitter.com/kanyewest/stat us/989179757651574784   …
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
.@FLOTUS  Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. http:// 45.wh.gov/LfXN7y  
On #PurpleHeartDay I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA
We will fight the #FakeNews  with you!
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation:  http:// 45.wh.gov/c9Gvt9   pic.twitter.com/zBWJQpFqh7
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Today, @FLOTUS  Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm  and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse !   Press Conference:  http:// 45.wh.gov/eP8du1   pic.twitter.com/hfwlBdxQgm
Happy #NationalFarmersDay !  http:// instagram.com/p/BaKTq11AF3n/  
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews  beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption & its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged & corrupt? @TuckerCarlson  @seanhannity
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard , #LEOs  & the #CajunNavy !
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 pic.twitter.com/J0boNX7AHY
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients & a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Big wins against ISIS!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
According to the @nytimes , a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing & understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect  - available at:  http:// mobile.va.gov/appstore   .
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
The amount of fake news circulating in 2018 is at an ALL TIME HIGH...  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?t=129s&v =Cqf8DGUb4wI   …
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens! pic.twitter.com/QRRkx93nmb
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov , Alex Azar! pic.twitter.com/eUUDRrVc2X
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.  Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs  tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness .
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity!  http:// 45.wh.gov/USAMayorshttps ://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/956298399946563585/video/1   …
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men & women of @ICEgov  & @DHSgov  Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect & cherish you!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
This is the right TAX CUT@the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed & grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, & one American family. #TaxReform
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN  fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50  Proclamation:  http:// 45.wh.gov/DrKing50th   pic.twitter.com/gmdRLG6lJl
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron  and his representatives on trade, military and security.
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! pic.twitter.com/J8fQ9oQ6DQ
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff , and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
It’s not just YouTube folks, it’s on all the social media platforms! FAKE NEWS!  https://www. liveleak.com/view?i=41c_151 9406889   …
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
.@daveweigel  of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
.@ChuckGrassley  - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey . So far, so good!
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to U.S.
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
.@WashTimes  states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!  Unemployment rate at 4.1%.  Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.  200,000 new American jobs. #MAGA
Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews .
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:  http:// donaldjtrump.com/rallies/pensac   …
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you!
Congratulations @ElonMusk  and @SpaceX  on the successful #FalconHeavy  launch. This achievement, along with @NASA ’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best!
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
Was @foxandfriends  just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 pic.twitter.com/EVUTKMG0x5
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise . #TeamScalise   http:// 45.wh.gov/BGTGF3  
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends  now.
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL!
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders & medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!  http:// instagram.com/p/BfSO1z6gpaB/   pic.twitter.com/gi3S1ZbQFa
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice  and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! pic.twitter.com/ikv6Bs6NbY
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost   Thank you!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH that is making America FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS RICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo   http:// instagram.com/p/BWz90ClgzNv/  
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare!
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
Senator @lisamurkowski  of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, & re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 pic.twitter.com/YEXc8JUthc
Have a great game today, @USArmy  and @USNavy  - I will be watching.   We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service!  #ArmyNavyGame  #USA pic.twitter.com/sRoeUfGlpw
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews ...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews . Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 & more?
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov  says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn’t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott  of Texas and @LouisianaGov  Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey  developments & here to assist as needed.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies & jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new & fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.  It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of pic.twitter.com/cUJ5LTcfhI
Major rescue operations underway!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Liveleak is amongst the many websites contributing to the decay of our youths education; but YouTube is most dangerous of all the platforms. Just look at what it produces. UNBELIEVABLE! Must stop!  https://www. youtube.com/watch?v=hHkaRQ nWMl8&t=6s   … .
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Tickets:  http:// DonaldJ.Trump.com  
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
.@SenJohnMcCain -Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future.
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY!
America's hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico  & the #USVI . We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?” Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif) http://www. washingtonexaminer.com/dianne-feinste in-flips-her-position-on-shutdown-for-second-time-in-one-day-people-will-die/article/2646377   …
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom. pic.twitter.com/9Zrs9AiDYk
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need.
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.” Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #FAKE  NEWS!
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu  shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials.
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli  @DCExaminer pic.twitter.com/mCRAbYLrqp
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill . Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! pic.twitter.com/SCt9bPpoAP
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain . #HolocaustRemembranceDay https://www. whitehouse.gov/presidential-a ctions/president-donald-j-trump-proclaims-april-12-april-19-2018-days-remembrance-victims-holocaust/   …
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.  Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/mGXnDFhDzK
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
After seven years of "talking" Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! https://www. cnbc.com/2018/01/17/app le-announces-350-billion-investment-20k-jobs-over-5-years.html   …
Congratulations to @ABC  News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
The @NBCNews  story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP  Pence. It is #FakeNews . They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. https://www. cnbc.com/2018/01/12/str ongest-holiday-sales-since-great-recession-up-5-point-5-percent-topping-views.html   …
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
Great job First Lady Melania! pic.twitter.com/RNWTgEpWjB
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture."
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
“Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.” http://www. washingtonexaminer.com/boom-40-compan ies-give-trump-tax-reform-bonuses-up-to-2000/article/2644910   …
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (billions of dollars), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts  linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay  to our HEROES. We love you! pic.twitter.com/SYpiiPWHht
The failing @nytimes  hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Thank you  @foxandfriends  - great show!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
Five of our incredible @Cabinet  Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST & we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce  for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron !
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous & violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
Great news! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/1BayasBjba
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC  by @JoeSquawk  coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 pic.twitter.com/VRRBCUSd2P
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton & Larry K on board. I (we) are
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch & Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations & Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau . Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
YouTube videos of “Crisis Actors” are headline news! FAKE NEWS MUST STOP!    https:// m.youtube.com/watch?t=6s&v=l x99VPutfWc   …
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!  #TaxReform  #USA   http:// 45.wh.gov/anNWTR  
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety & Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! pic.twitter.com/0qGfDOnk8D
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
I asked @VP  Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady  Karen.
That’s right @RepBost ! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!
# HappyIndependenceDay    #July4   #USA
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt & biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" & repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women@the Andeavor Refinery.  Full remarks:  http:// 45.wh.gov/POTUSNorthDako  
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey  a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
Should be a great discussion tonight, FAKE NEWS is EVERYWHERE on platforms likes YouTube, SnapChat and Facebook. Must be stopped  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?v=Cqf8DG Ub4wI   …
So proud of @FEMA , Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS  Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   http:// instagram.com/p/BW_FcdAgYPS/  
Happy Father's Day! pic.twitter.com/k04EDzBSRX
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! pic.twitter.com/yppZpn0AqY
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses! pic.twitter.com/9iQkUwI40N
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
The journey to #MAGA  began @CPAC  2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018 !
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies & Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work @SecShulkin  @DeptVetAffairs !  http:// instagram.com/p/BddOPJfAngh/   pic.twitter.com/P5rcoRuNr4
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:  http:// donaldjtrump.com/rallies/phoeni   …
Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! pic.twitter.com/NkwK3cCBz1
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA  Tickets:  http:// donaldjtrump.com/rallies/washin   … pic.twitter.com/k5qPipIxwk
Happy #InternationalWomensDay    “First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” https://www. whitehouse.gov/briefings-stat ements/first-lady-melania-trump-present-2018-international-women-courage-award/   …
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
Because of the $700 & $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! pic.twitter.com/daHxLkxyp4
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
I will be sitting down with our EDUCATION LEADER next week! YOUTUBE videos like this are CORRUPTING OUR YOUTH and DESTROYING FAMILIES!  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?t=1s&v=1 dMAycJO0Lc   …
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP  Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty & Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
RECORD HIGH FOR S & P 500!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends   now!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police & first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign & Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
.@MittRomney  has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch , and has my full support and endorsement!
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come & go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
# LasVegasStrong  #USA   http:// instagram.com/p/BZ_TSpsghNb/  
Heading over to the @UN  to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley  and all of her great representatives! #USA
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand.
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame & fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
.@POTUS  Trump at Signing of #FOSTA  #SESTA  bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brought to a swift and firm justice…When we work together, we can bring safety and hope to every community across the country. pic.twitter.com/dUc6Pa95Yt
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God.  #ValuesVotersSummit
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey.  http:// 45.wh.gov/NationalSecuri   …
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved!
Because of #FakeNews  my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare !  Remarks: http:// 45.wh.gov/Nn9Wsz  
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! pic.twitter.com/tBAJZcMt6C
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military & low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS .) She is a truly great representative for our country!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea. Stay tuned! #UNGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18   http:// 45.wh.gov/3pX3Bd   pic.twitter.com/Tx1junwXbi
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
On behalf of @FLOTUS  Melania & myself, THANK YOU for today's update & GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist  @SendRelief , @RedCross  & @SalvationArmyUS
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy”  http:// whitehouse.gov/presidential-a   … pic.twitter.com/pbXOZYX44d
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse  with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials. pic.twitter.com/kSVkMFvrc6
And the FAKE NEWS winners are... https:// gop.com/the-highly-ant icipated-2017-fake-news-awards/   …
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe  speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr  on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT & Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Governor @RicardoRossello -  We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron  of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA !
Eddie, CHECK OUT THE ANGOLA 3....TOTAL BULLSHIT STORY    ALBERT WOODFOX ---AKA DENZEL WASHINGTON
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled & amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... pic.twitter.com/o0JXLakKxy
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
Frank “FX” Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS  Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService  gives you an A+!
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico  with so little appreciation. So much work!
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. https://www. whitehouse.gov/articles/natio nal-security-threats-chain-migration-visa-lottery-system/   …
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA   Full remarks: http:// 45.wh.gov/wkGxNw  
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.  It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante... pic.twitter.com/cUJ5LTcfhI
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Great trilateral meeting & dinner w/ President Shinzō Abe of Japan & President Moon Jae-in of South Korea@the @usconshamburg  this evening.
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” http:// 45.wh.gov/PxDvqT  
The failing @nytimes  writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit  #USA  
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13  gang members. We will not rest until #MS13  is eradicated. #LESM
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
# AutismAwarenessDay  #LightItUpBlue pic.twitter.com/XyjZeGECBl
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau  Federation’s Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18   On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE:  http:// 45.wh.gov/RDW8ut   . pic.twitter.com/IuzLErqhpr
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs . Should have sought review.
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba" Memorandum http:// 45.wh.gov/of9ceK  
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse ! pic.twitter.com/OKtFijRalR
The failing @nytimes , which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast pic.twitter.com/SgaWtCzVjx
If we can help little #CharlieGard , as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country.  No leadership in NFL!
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ  about what a complete disaster the @CFPB  has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!  Emergency Information  1-800-342-3557  http:// FloridaDisaster.org/info     Volunteer  1-800-FL-HELP-1 http:// VolunteerFlorida.org  
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
We commend SG@AntonioGuterres & his call for the UN to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA  #UNGA    http:// 45.wh.gov/K2mggs  
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men"
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! pic.twitter.com/dPHkFCPs8d
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
End the Democrats Obstruction!
Just arrived @NASKeyWest ! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. pic.twitter.com/9UiG6UYTDo
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek  at @WCTC  w/ @IvankaTrump  & @GovWalker .  Remarks: http:// 45.wh.gov/BXYooL  
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel & Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers & tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost . It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States”   Proclamation:  http:// 45.wh.gov/Steel    Remarks:  http:// 45.wh.gov/SteelAluminumR   … pic.twitter.com/zyZc7aUs1p
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats & Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
The trip by @VP  Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
Received a #HurricaneHarvey  briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov  Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock , @TomBossert45  and COS John Kelly.
This video has been circulating #Youtube  #Parklandshooting  #crisisactors   https:// m.youtube.com/watch?v=Cqf8DG Ub4wI   …     Our youth is in real trouble!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation:  http:// 45.wh.gov/POWMIARecognit   …
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes pic.twitter.com/Eifchm3Pl9
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea.
CPAC Today!
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN  Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson . Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! pic.twitter.com/UXk8n5Mswx
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy .
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
# StandForOurAnthem
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
pic.twitter.com/17WwCfkEXG
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s & a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief & begging for forgiveness!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends . We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron  of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse .  pic.twitter.com/RjiEvkIThH
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
....agencies, not just the FBI & DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
.@IvankaTrump  will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally. #GES2017  @narendramodi
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
# Hannity  Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich  and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the media
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy & jobs,border & military security,ISIS & MS-13 etc.
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA  are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country & the people of our country. We must enforce our laws. pic.twitter.com/qYg3XXHxSq
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD! http:// 45.wh.gov/POTUSInsta  
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy ! #242NavyBday
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before.   Now, as President of the United States, it is my honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! pic.twitter.com/DZS4vvcIk8
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
Congratulations to Eric & Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER & LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: http:// 45.wh.gov/MS13Roundtable  
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey  from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 pic.twitter.com/ojOIZpYvmH
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America.   God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay
.@NFL : Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
I have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Minister @SushmaSwaraj , and it was an honor to meet her today. #UNGA
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! pic.twitter.com/mDFjQndXRa
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & its people...
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume & spectrum of issues.”
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset  of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 pic.twitter.com/cYMAl6eTnR
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake  News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
I am at the @USGA   #USWomensOpen . An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
The Failing @nytimes  has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, “Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.”
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
.@CNN  is #FakeNews . Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry , @SecretaryZinke , and @SecPriceMD .....
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based.  http:// dhs.gov/publication/ex   …
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal pic.twitter.com/yP1KiWM9pR
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS . Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and “acid washed” 33,000 Emails? No justice!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
I would like to send my condolences to the Hawking family, we lost tremendous asset to our country and EDUCATIONAL system. A GREAT AMERICAN!...It’s a real shame kids are posting videos like this  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?v=hHkaRQ nWMl8   …       WE NEED BETTER EDUCATION!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr  McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends   Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Big week coming up!
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! pic.twitter.com/FYYMClJWRE
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
Happy #StPatricksDay pic.twitter.com/VXJSMyRUPy
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! pic.twitter.com/8TAhExg27A
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Really sad stuff when our youth are making videos like this. Just really unbelievable!  https:// m.youtube.com/channel/UCNGxZ 9TLEn2MjvWYrdwHl2w/videos?view_as=subscriber   …
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron . The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE! pic.twitter.com/lCJ6ubMAqI
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New report from DOJ & DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen , their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Trump says "Phish Good Band, HORRIBLE DRUMMER!"  https:// twitter.com/RealDonad_Trum p/status/968206206484525057   …    Retweet!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state & local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction?
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.  Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..” @jamiejmcintyre  @dcexaminer pic.twitter.com/REdjvuzsQd
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
The Failing @nytimes , the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity  on @foxandfriends  now. Have a great day!
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” https://www. cnbc.com/2018/04/06/bet -founder-trump-economy-brings-black-workers-back-into-labor-force.html   …
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay !
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak & ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
With all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn’t firm, strong and willing to commit our total “might” against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Getting harder every day folks to DECIPHER the REAL NEWS from the FAKE NEWS!     https:// m.youtube.com/watch?v=qlpHBz 3_l8U   …
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
# 2017Jambo - Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & CHERISH your country!
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
https://www. youtube.com/watch?v=TC1973 F86YY   …        Albert Woodfox is Denzel Washington!!!       BIG FAN OF YOURS !
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18  in order to power through mess!
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
The Angola 3.    Look into it. Denzil Washington is Albert Woodfox.    And the other two guy you will recognize.  Happy thanksgiving
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists......
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!"
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns & Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews   So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA  rally!  http:// facebook.com/DonaldTrump/vi   …
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI . He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA  and First Responders.
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13 , and many other gangs...  'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown' http:// 45.wh.gov/MS13Crackdown  
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida:  http:// 45.wh.gov/POTUSProclamat   … pic.twitter.com/CaWc7yEopv
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:  “The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” pic.twitter.com/RRzQbEX44z
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
FLORIDA- Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, & we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, & REBUILD!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
A great day at the White House!
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!
Folks, The EDUCATION system is FAILING our YOUTH! These videos on social media are destroying our children’s minds!  https://www. liveleak.com/view?i=41c_151 9406889   …
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
Tell you what folks, it starts with EDUCATION! We can’t have kids makings videos like this one, SHAMEFUL.    https://www. youtube.com/watch?v=Cqf8DG Ub4wI   …
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, & prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, & no goal beyond our reach.   We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators & inventors. We are nation of people who work hard and dream big. pic.twitter.com/bhu16jQr0V
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site. pic.twitter.com/rCdALZ8si4
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah   around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.  http:// 45.wh.gov/XpFsZu   pic.twitter.com/e47gBl4Znq
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
I want to thank my @Cabinet  for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  http:// 45.wh.gov/CabinetMeeting   pic.twitter.com/HpFAHIilOd
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment.  http:// 45.wh.gov/Section301   pic.twitter.com/ajNz4N1ZRD
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends  and @Varneyco
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017   http:// instagram.com/p/BYyKoiDA2Kv/     http:// facebook.com/DonaldTrump/vi   …
Small business owners are the DREAMERS & INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here: http:// 45.wh.gov/WDsEwH  
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes....
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA  #UNGA
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA   #Olympics   pic.twitter.com/J16MmSZxuT
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Congratulations @FoxNews : Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @SeanHannity  and @TuckerCarlson  leading the pack at 1st and 2nd respectively. CNN has become totally irrelevant, down 19% from last year with only 1 show in the Top 25 (#24th ). pic.twitter.com/hKgntWxA6y
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
Great meeting with @Cabinet  at the @WhiteHouse  today! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ZpzRghXiXK
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
FLORIDA-  Visit  http:// FloridaDisaster.org/info    to find shelters, road closures, & evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:  http:// 45.wh.gov/HurricaneIrmaF   …
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!  http:// instagram.com/p/BcLCXDYgQed/  
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona  to the @WhiteHouse . #HonorThem  Remarks:  http:// 45.wh.gov/4tYXA7  
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration & cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal, they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders.
I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo pic.twitter.com/zmcPnZMcnE
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay   parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron !
With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect & build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
.@USTradeRep  just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
FEMA & First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food & water delivered. Docks & electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
https://www. pscp.tv/w/baFQbzFvTlFs TFJub1dwUXd8MXZPeHdBTlBFUE1HQmCkc7OzRbdIii4D56IlWEy3CVmnXZ4B8zxLpTSkWZrX   …
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
I am on @foxandfriends  - Enjoy!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thrive as the economy grows!
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity ! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea.
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
.@DaveWeigel  @WashingtonPost  put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived@the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/oBacrcnjX1
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
.@NBCNews  is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM :  http:// 45.wh.gov/ZtRRMt  
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform ! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN  & @NBC . What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg  #G20Summit
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
WE NEED BETTER EDUCATION FOR OUR YOUTH, THEY ARE OUR FUTURE!                      CRISIS ACTORS?  https:// m.youtube.com/watch?t=9s&v=C qf8DGUb4wI   …
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” http://www. foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/1 2/29/trump-rally-stocks-put-2017-in-record-books.html   …
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
The Trump base is far bigger &  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA  #USWomensOpen
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others.
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC .
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press,” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories & reports a pure fiction!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Many ideas, some good & some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee  tonight at 8pmE on @TBN . Enjoy!
Music is also another component attributing to the mental health in this country; my cabinet will be looking into what our children are listening to. Phish good band, HORRIBLE DRUMMER!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe  for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show